\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename rq.info
@settitle rq
@afourpaper
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@finalout
@c %**end of header


@dircategory Pagers
@direntry
* rq: (rq).                          Read quickly
@end direntry


@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2015 Mattias Andrée

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top rq -- Read quickly
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@titlepage
@title rq
@subtitle Read quickly
@author by Mattias Andrée (maandree)

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@page
@end titlepage

@contents



@menu
* Overview::                        Brief overview of @command{rq}.
* Invoking::                        Invocation of @command{rq}.
* Commands::                        Interacting with @command{rq}.
* GNU Free Documentation License::  Copying and sharing this manual.
@end menu



@node Overview
@chapter Overview

@command{rq} displays a plain-text word-by-word in the middle
of the terminal. Words are automatically paged in a
specifiable rate, by default 2 words per second.
Repeated words will be indicated by alternating reverse
video highlighting.

Escape sequences are printed as-is.



@node Invoking
@chapter Invoking

@command{rq} optionally takes the name of the file to
display. If the file has been specified, or if @code{-}
is specified, stdin will be display.

@command{rq} does not recognise any options.

The word rate is configured via the environment
variable @env{RQ_RATE}. It should be a positive
integer optionally followed by a unit. If no unit
is specified, words per minute will be used.
Valid units are (case-insensitive):

@table @code
@item wpm
@itemx w/m
@itemx /m
@itemx wpmin
@itemx w/min
@itemx /min
Words per minute.
@item wpsec
@itemx w/sec
@itemx /sec
@itemx wps
@itemx w/s
@itemx /s
@itemx Hz
Words per second.
@end table



@node Commands
@chapter Commands

@command{rq} responds to the following keys:
@table @kbd
@item +
Increase word rate.
@item -
Decrease word rate.
@item p
Toggle pause.
@item right
@itemx down
Go to the previous word.
@item left
@itemx up
Go to next previous word.
@item q
Exit.
@end table



@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texinfo

@bye

